# Drilling Site Pathing Project
Objective: given a reward map (2D map of a reward value indicating promise at a given location), identify promising sites and path between them.

Currently, two modes of map generation are supported:
  1. Random map generation
     
      -Parametrized random generation of a reward map over an (x,y) domain with a given reward value range
  3. Manual map generation

       -Can either create "site" objects and add those to the map or add sites directly via their coordinates and reward value
     
       -Can either manually set site parameters or randomly generate them

Once a map is generated, you can generate a path (a sequence of sites to visit starting at some given position). Two modes of path generation are currently supported:
  1. Descending priority pathing
     
      -Sites are visited in descending order of reward value
  3. Distance-weighted nearest-neighbor pathing
     
      -The next site to visit is selected by a cost function that takes into account not only the reward value of each site but also the distance between the current position and that site's position. The weight given to distance in the calculation of this cost function can be set by the user. This provides a knob to turn the generated path smoothly between that which is generated by descending-priority pathing (at zero weight) and that which prioritizes the minimization of nearest-neighbor distances (at sufficiently high weight).
    
      -For the randomly-generated maps, the user can choose to specify a number of sites to identify (e.g., if you're only interested in the top 5 sites) and a threshold reward value at (or above) which locations can be designated as sites of interest.



# Build Instructions
1. From the project root directory: `./build.sh`

# Usage Instructions
After building, there should be executables called "run_manual_map_demo" and "run_random_map_demo" in the "build" directory.

To run the random map workflow demonstration with default parameters, starting from the "build" directory, run `./run_random_map_demo`.

To run the manual map workflow demonstration with default parameters, starting from the "build" directory, run `./run_manual_map_demo`.

If you'd ike to adjust any of the parameters in the demo files, navigate to the "random_map_demo.cpp" or "manual_map_demo.cpp" files in the "src" directory and make any desired changes. Then, from the "build" directory, run `cmake --build .` to rebuild the executables.

# Misc

This software uses Gnuplot for visualization. The copyright and permission notice of Gnuplot is shown below:
Copyright 1986 - 1993, 1998, 2004   Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley

Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear
in supporting documentation.

Permission to modify the software is granted, but not the right to
distribute the complete modified source code.  Modifications are to
be distributed as patches to the released version.  Permission to
distribute binaries produced by compiling modified sources is granted,
provided you
  1. distribute the corresponding source modifications from the
   released version in the form of a patch file along with the binaries,
  2. add special version identification to distinguish your version
   in addition to the base release version number,
  3. provide your name and address as the primary contact for the
   support of your modified version, and
  4. retain our contact information in regard to use of the base
   software.
Permission to distribute the released version of the source code along
with corresponding source modifications in the form of a patch file is
granted with same provisions 2 through 4 for binary distributions.

This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty
to the extent permitted by applicable law.
